Defender for Containers - k8s - private link (#96455)
Azure/azure-content: articles/defender-for-cloud/includes/defender-for-containers-override-faq.md

- [How can I use my existing Log Analytics workspace?](#how-can-i-use-my-existing-log-analytics-workspace)
- [Can I delete the default workspaces created by Defender for Cloud?](#can-i-delete-the-default-workspaces-created-by-defender-for-cloud)

> - [Is data ingestion through private link supported?](#is-data-ingestion-through-private-link-supported)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Is data ingestion through Private Link supported?](#is-data-ingestion-through-private-link-supported)
```

We don't recommend deleting the default workspace. Defender for Containers uses the default workspaces to collect security data from your clusters. Defender for Containers will be unable to collect data, and some security recommendations and alerts, will become unavailable if you delete the default workspace. 

> ### Is data ingestion through private link supported? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Is data ingestion through Private Link supported? 
```

> Unfortunately, Defender for Containers Kubernetes agent is not supporting data ingestion through private link scopes. Therefore, restricting data ingestion from public networks not connected through a Private Link Scope on connected workspace's "Network Isolation" settings, will cause the agent to malfunction due to communication failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Defender for Container's Kubernetes agent doesn't support data ingestion through Private Link Scopes. If you attempt to ingest data from public networks, that are connected through a Private Link Scope by using a connected workspace's Network Isolation settings, you will cause the agent to malfunction due to communication failures.
```
